Optional dependencies in README (#330)
skypyproject/skypy: README.rst

    >>> import skypy
    >>> help(skypy)

SkyPy has a number of optional dependencies which can be installed separately.

> One of these is `skypy-data`_ which contains generic data (such as Johnson bandpasses)
> used for calculations in SkyPy. This can be installed with:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
One of these is `skypy-data`_ which contains data such as photometric bandpasses
required for some calculations in SkyPy. This can be installed with:
```

.. code:: bash
    
    pip install skypy-data@https://github.com/skypyproject/skypy-data/archive/master.tar.gz

SkyPy also has a driver script that can run simulation pipelines from the
command line. The `skypyproject/examples`_ repository contains sample

> configuration files that you can clone and run.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
configuration files that you can clone and run:
```
Revert
